I could see kids getting into Evangelion
the first like act of Evangelion the
first couple of episodes because you
know it's like just robots fighting
monsters but then when you start to get
into the like really existential stuff
Murphy was Evangelion for little girls
oh my God
I have to I have to
okay there's a surprising amount of
Barbie Evangelion memes and I am I want
some of these as posters like some of
these are phenomenal oh my God like I
want to like contact some of these
artists and see if I can get posters I
could see kids getting into Evangelion
the first like act of Evangelion the
first couple of episodes because you
know it's like just robots fighting
monsters but then when you start to get
into the like really existential stuff
Murphy was Evangelion for little girls
oh my God foreign